
## 3 Project Evaluation
### a. Reflective discussion of the success of the project
Our group’s aim is designing a system which could locate the user’ s pet, measure distance between pets and owner and make sure the pet would not get lost when they are walking.  And this system could help user check whether the health index data of his pets is within the normal range. And the user could ensure the health of the pet to the maximum extent.
We have initially completed the development of these functions, and some functions are tested successful. During develop process, some abilities such as independent thinking ability, analysis and testing ability, group communication and collaboration skills have significantly improved.

### b. Discussion of future work (in terms of design, development and evaluation)
When we designed the functions of system, we envisaged this system could detect pets’ movements in real time. For example, the user can detect whether his dog is sleeping or running in the living room. Therefore, even if the user goes out for work, the abnormal condition of the pet would be checked in time. But this function requires two core technologies: gyroscope and machine learning. Gyroscope need to be installed on the pet to play a role in detecting the change of the pets’ center gravity. When comes to machine learning,  which is that we do a great number of testing to obtain the data of center of gravity of the pet when it does different actions and we can speculate the subsequent changes of center of gravity of pet represent which movement. But it needs a lot of machine learning testing. We should classify pets carefully, whether pets are cats or dogs. And breeds should also be classified. For example, we know that the huskies and corgis have different centers of gravity. If we do not carry out detailed classification, action judgment error would come out when we analyze pets’ behaviors. It costs a great amount of time to achieve this function, and we could not realize this function at present. In the future, our group will work on implementing this feature.
Secondly, we want to add a chat function to this system. Pet owners can discuss their pet keeping experience. They also can share problems and difficulties to ask for helping in time. In long run, this function can be developed into a pet community or forum. Perhaps it would be the key point to attract potential customers to use this system.

### c. Reflect on the working practices of your group, how well they did or did not work, e.g, management of issues, communication, Agile (etc).
In the early stage of the project, we have drawn up several plans and discuss the technical content of each plan. We selected the most feasible plan to develop and optimized the program via adding some attractive functions. This stage demonstrated our abilities of imagination and analytical judgment.
In the development stage, our division of labor is clear. Members who are comfortable with coding skills are responsible for leading group to compete coding task, students with excellent design skills are responsible to processing pictures. Therefore the group work is efficient.
Shortcoming still exists in our develop process, due to the coronavirus, working in pairs become more challenging and only the student who have M5Stack can build and test. Thus, the speed of development progress would be reduced. Furthermore, there are some functions of this project could not be completed because of the shortage of our technique. For example, If this system is used in the mountains, the network signal is unstable, the function of system may be invalid.

### d. This is a chance to reflect on how coronavirus has affected your project (remote working practices etc)
Because of coronavirus, some classmates in our group choose to come back to their own countries. And time zones are different, it is difficult for us to have group online meeting on a consistent time. Furthermore, some countries have restrictions on access to network, this also greatly reduced our productivity and increased the workload of some classmates. On the other hand, we should stay at home to fulfill the isolation requirement. We have opportunity to think independently and complete some tasks independently. In the past, we may ask for help from classmates around us when we encountered difficulties. However, the ability of independent thinking has improved at this time. And our team sincerely hopes that the world would overcome coronavirus and people from all of the world will be healthy.
